repo Link https://codepen.io/pvahanian/pen/xxVxZXd.

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? It is the use of mark up html to show meaning not just its content.  In other words make it more than just produce the site but also readable/logical code 
    2. What is HTML used for? It’s the file format used to make a webpage.  It constructs the structure of the webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It provides additional info for elements and are specified in the start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?It is to show the most important thing on the webpage, normally title/main header.  Only use once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Img and a 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head> it is there for the metadata, info about the site that doesnt get seen by the user.
    7. What is an id? It’s an attribute for a unique element.  It can be styled with css or manipulated with js.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can use it on almost all elements but a few like head, html, script etc.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once per page 
    10. What is a class? Similar to a Id but can be used for multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  Any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?  target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Its a semantic thing.  It basically is there for someone that is visually impaired (screen reader) or if the image doesn't load, gives the user an idea of whats supposed to be there. 
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div.<section> means that the content inside is grouped (i.e. relates to a single theme), and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page. <div> , on the other hand, does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class , lang and title attributes.  I think of the section as a semantic and div as a box/container for different areas in the page
    17. What is CSS used for? To style the HTML, give it color, size, etc.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.  Class is when we want to use this style throughout the webpage in multiple places.  ID is unique to one spot.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? Period then name of class  .example{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? > it is used when you want match of a child within the parent. Example ul.my-things > li{}
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Its a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, like the first element info their type, or being hovered etc.  Think :pseudo-class-name example article p:first-child  would target the first child of article 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* to */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm, you dont see any confirmation or anything.  Its just deleted
    34. Why should I use version control? Collaboration, restore previous versions, remote storage
    35. How often should I commit to github? Often and change branches frequently 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push  <REMOTENAME> <BRANCHNAME>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. We have lambda examples and we fork the examples.  Then we work on them and send them back up as a branch under our names with our TL’s reviewing them.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 
block-level element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available
inline element does not start on a new line and it only takes up as much width as necessary
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
